Task 1: GamePlay Evaluation 
Objective: Assess the player's ability to control the bird and navigate through the pipes
Tests: The player can move the bird, the player can collect a coin, the player can evade a pipe, the player can change the bird's colour
Overall Test: Players should be able to achieve a score of 10 within 5 attempts (reasonable difficulty level)


Task 2: Usability and UI Evaluation
Objective: Evaluate the usability and user interface of the game
Tests: The player can start the game, view the high score, and the player can restart the game
Overall test: The game is played more than once

We will not give the participants any information on the game beyond what is provided in the settings. If the participant cannot move the bird
after 60 seconds, we will explain the space bar moves the bird in single-player and the up-arrow and spacebar in multiplayer

We will record every instance we needed to give information during the evaluation and record the time taken for the player to adapt to the 
game (achieve a score of 10) and note the player's reactions/feelings during the game 

Participants A and B had no prior knowledge of the game 

Results: It took Participant A 13 seconds to figure out how to control the bird
It took the player 21 seconds to collect their first coin but had no issues with understanding the objective 
They were able to go to the menu and change the bird's colour easily. 
They achieved a score of 23 on their second attempt. 
They liked the colour change to tell them one life was gone but noted it was difficult to tell that hitting the pipe would not lead to
instant death. They liked the fact that designs were variable every time a new game was started. They liked the fact there was a learning 
curve associated with the game. They found it easy to restart the game and could view the high score instantly 

Participant B was then recruited and was not told any information about the game by Participant A. They were given the same tasks but in
The two-player game. Participant A figured out that it was colour-coded as to which pipes to avoid after 25s. They noted it would be 
useful to know which colour player 1 and player 2 was. Participant B still couldn't change the bird's colour after 84 seconds of gameplay. 
They felt as though the game could've used some collision logic where the players bounce off of each other.

Both wondered what would happen if the 2 birds in the multi-player were the same colour.

Participant C was recruited following this to test the game. For this, the test only focussed on what participant C did and did not record
the time taken to complete tasks, but rather an extreme focus on the qualitative aspect by considering their thoughts and feelings as they
carried out tasks, 

They were able to figure out the usability of the game but first thought the arrow key would move the bird, then enter, and 
finally realised it was the keyboard. They were then able to move the bird, evade pipes, and collect coins before starting a new game. They
couldn't tell where to go to change the bird's colour until a second attempt. 
They were unsure how to switch to multiplayer. They recommended a manual page or instructions to improve the usability of the game controls
clearer and the option to switch to 2-player. 

Participant D was next recruited with the same brief and fulfilled the tasks as expected. They were able to move the bird, evade pipes
collect coins instantly and find the game easy to use. They were able to comprehend the multi-player and the pipes correspondence
as well as the loss of lives. They were able to restart the game as well as change the colour. 

Participant E attempted to use the up-arrow before switching to the keyboard. They noted that the game screen could not be made bigger. 
They noted good dynamics and an intuitive game. They noted the familiarity with Flappybird. They were able to achieve a score of 65 on the
first attempt but noted the game was still difficult and felt frustrating. They really liked the option to change the background. They said
it was difficult to tell how much the coins improved the score by. They were able to navigate to the 2-player version. They were able to 
change the background. They were able to tell easily which pipes to avoid in the 2-player version. They then said it got confusing to 
remember as the game went on. They noted it would be cool to incorporate more varied stripes than just a bird/circle


All participants had familiarity with Flappy Bird except Participant B. 



